Hello and welcome to the Skala and sparked for Big Data A machine learning course.
My name is Jose Portsea and I've taught tens of thousands of students Anyuta me about programming and
data science.
I'm so excited to teach you about the newest technologies for analyzing big data.
This course covers both the scholar programming language and utilizing Scala to work with Sparke to
analyze big data.
So why learn Skala and Sparke Scala has been reported to be one of the most valuable tech skills in
the market today with payscale dot com reporting that knowledge of Skala alone can result in an average
salary increase of 22 percent.
In addition to scholar Sparke is quickly becoming one of the most powerful big data technologies it
can run programs up to 100 times faster than Hadoop map reduce memory since SPARC is written in Scala.
It can perform these big data tasks faster than any other API language for Sparc in this course.
You'll learn the latest SPARC 2.0 methods and get the newest updates to Spark's machine learning library
Emelin all using SPARC sequel and SPARC data frames.
The job market the man for this skill set has exploded.
His first job postings growing by over 500 percent in recent years.
Let's go ahead and take a peek at what is inside the course.
We'll start off with a full set up and installation guide for your platform whether it's on Windows
Mac OS or Linux.
We've got you covered.
Then we have a full guide Skala programming in a way that clears confusion and makes it easy to learn.
Then we'll dive in to using Socolow of SPARC 2.0 learning how to use the latest data from syntax.
Once we understand SPARC we can learn how to use Spark's machine learning library using the data from
API all of these concepts are presented in lectures of full HD video and reference code for each topic.
So you can learn in the way that's best for you.
We have coding exercises for you to fill out all along the way to test your understanding and practice
your new skills.
Not only do you get amazing content you'll also get access to our online question and answer forums
were full of students and I are happy to help you out with any questions you may have.
Upon completion of this course you'll also receive a certificate that you can post here linked in profile
to show potential employers.
This course also comes with a 30 day money back guarantee so you can try to all risk free.
So what are you waiting for.
Check out the other preview lectures for more information and enroll today.
I'll see you inside the course.